There are two kinds of data scientists. 1.) Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data.
Data science is 80% preparing data, and 20% complaining about preparing data.
Why did the chicken cross the road? The answer is trivial and is left as an exercise for the reader.
The data science motto: If at first, you don’t succeed; call it version 1.0
What do you get when you cross a pirate with a data scientist? Answer: Someone who specializes in Rrrr
A SQL query walks into a bar, walks up to two tables, and asks, “Can I join you?”
Why should you take a data scientist with you into the jungle? Answer: They can take care of Python problems
I don’t know any programming, but I still use Excel in my field!
Data is like people – interrogate it hard enough and it will tell you whatever you want to hear.
Don’t get it? We can help. Check out our in-person data science Bootcamp or online data science certificate program.
Statistics may be dull, but it has its moments.
You are so mean that your standard deviation is zero.
Did you hear the one about the statistician? Probably….
Two random variables were talking in a bar. They thought they were being discreet, but I heard their chatter continuously.
What did one support vector say to another support-vector? Answer: I feel so marginalized
AI blogs are like philosophy majors. They’re always trying to explain “deep learning.”
Parent: If all your friends jumped off a bridge, would you follow them? Machine Learning Algorithm: yes.
“This new display can recognize speech” “What?” “This nudist play can wreck a nice beach”
Why did the naive Bayesian suddenly feel patriotic when he heard fireworks? Answer: He assumed independence
What do you call a program that identifies spa treatments? Facial recognition!
I have a joke about deep learning, but I can’t explain it. 
I have a statistics joke, but it’s not significant.
What do you get when you cross a mosquito with a mountain climber? Nothing. You can’t cross a vector and a scalar.
I used to think correlation implied causation. Then I took a Statistics class. Now, I don't.
What does a Machine Learning specialist and a Fashion Designer have in common? They both specialize in curve-fitting.
When the first device with AI takes a picture of itself… It’ll be selfie aware.
